Who is so bold
Dare to retreat Mr. Xu
Shen Lao
It's Cui, the girlfriend of Zhao Tianhua, the son of the Zhao family
That woman used to be Xu Fang's girlfriend
Now climb up to the Zhao family
I feel superior
I returned to Mr. Xu
The Zhao family is so brave
Call Zhao Jiangxiong over now and ask
Old heart
I can handle this little thing myself
Let's start arranging
Can't enter
What are you waiting for here for?
Really sick
Hey
My dad is out, we must be able to get in
Dad, why did you come out?
Can we go in?
Go in
I've been fucked
Dad, what's going on?
Why did you kick you out?
How could I know?
Okay, don't embarrass yourself here
Give me back
Excuse me.